Add C++ code (#30)
cobaltspeech/sdk-cubic: grpc/cpp-cubic/README.md

# Cubic C++ SDK
Unlike other languages, C++ has more strict requirements to
integrate with gRPC. The easiest way to accomodate these
requirements is to build gRPC as part of the C++ project
and use it to generate the required C++ files from the 
cubic.proto file.

## CMake Build
To help simplify the build process, this project uses
of [CMake](www.cmake.org). CMake will automatically download

> the grpc source code and include it as a subproject, giving

Reviewer: The capitalization of gRPC should be consistent through the document.

access to the grpc libraries and the protoc compiler.

> To build as a standalone library execute the following

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To build as a stand-alone library, execute the following
```

commands:
```bash
# Create a build directory. It can be named anything and
# can exist outside of the source code directory.
mkdir build-cubic-client && cd build-cubic-client

# Run CMake to download grpc and generate makefiles.
# The final path specifies the directory that contains the
# CMakeLists.txt file for the cubic_client C++ project.
cmake -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Release <path/to/sdk-cubic/grpc/cpp-cubic>
make cubic_client

> # To make a shared library, add -DBUILD_SHARED_LIBS=TRUE when running cmake

Reviewer 2: We might want to clarify that this is a separate option, not that they'd run the steps twice.  Maybe something like
```
# Run CMake to download grpc and generate makefiles.
# To make a shared library, add -DBUILD_SHARED_LIBS=TRUE
# The final argument specifies the directory that contains the
# CMakeLists.txt file for the cubic_client C++ project.
cmake -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Release <path/to/sdk-cubic/grpc/cpp-cubic>
# OR
cmake -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Release -DBUILD_SHARED_LIBS=TRUE <path/to/sdk-cubic/grpc/cpp-cubic>

make cubic_client
```
